let us never
Lord Savior Jesus Christ who says it is
truly more blessed to give than to
receive
William honey meet your sons sure y'all
wondering why I asked you out here so
urgent you know I heard you at the
revival Reverend that's my precious wife
Louise miscarried again maybe you all
could pray for us tonight for our own
miracle we can give everything we got to
raise it one child that is it maybe
someone else like a man and woman of God
could give the other life we never could
amen welcome to your new life
how many books of the Bible are there
daddy you tell me Jeremiah 29
I have for you where the preachers kids
aren't to dance the way that you do some
just happens to me when I hear music
whatever it is it's a good thing round
way sing songs write songs it's all I
wanna do
God set you apart so you're going into
the ministry your father tells me you
got a mind to follow in his footsteps a
lot of proud of you son
we're here in the calm staying obedient
to him I don't hear this call daddy
wants me to hear it's time to tell him
the truth he has a right to know who he
views right you're not hearing it's in
every storefront in town who is this
anybody ever tell you you look just like
trucks or hands with you guys related or
something no not related
mr. Wade here about his coach the real
thing as I've ever seen
I think this boy stuff
this is what you really want really just
want to work some of my songs nobody
wants to hear your songs you're a
pretender buddy you are nothing the love
of God seeks us in every situation if he
is any dreams nothing can stand against
Oh
it's not about the money 40 years
wandering the desert training for an
answer he looking for some cannot sir
thank you uh the call you heard was for
your delight not mine keep drinking my
heart boy
I want you to be proud of me you my son
and you are more than I ever dared pray
for how many times can that boy play the
same song apparently as many times as
Jesus taught Peter we are to forgive